Before the time of the Prophet SAW, people still believed in Allah, but they believed that these beings are intermediaries from them to Allah, as they were sinful. So, people were wronged not because they didn’t believe in god, but having associates other than Allah. 

The main idol of Makkah was **Hubal**, from Syria, from the group of **Amelkites**.
> **Surah Zumar, Ayah 3: Unquestionably, for Allah is the pure religion. And those who take protectors besides Him [say], "We only worship them that they may bring us nearer to Allah in position." Indeed, Allah will judge between them concerning that over which they differ. Indeed, Allah does not guide he who is a liar and [confirmed] disbeliever.**

# Why Arabia?
Arabia was in the dead centre between two superpowers the **Byzantine** empire(Eastern Roman) and the **Sasanian empire**(Persian/Iranian), later conquered by Muslims. Arabs lacked culture, infrastructure, government, but Persian and Romans already had one. The vacuum was filled with Islam. **Ibrahim** AS and **Ishmael** made a dua that there could be a messenger, who will purify them, and teach them to a book. It must be from there progeny, as Ibrahim was told when **Hajar** was pregnant, that Isaac(**Ishaaq**) and another child Jacob(**Yaqoob**) will be a prophet.


# Prophet  Mohammad ﷺ 's birth
**Abdullah** and **Amina**, Father and Mother, we have very little information about them as they died in their early 20s. They died before Muhammad ﷺ reached prophethood, since he SAW became prophet at his 40s. 
Abdullah and Amina’s fathers were both chieftains of **Banu Hashim** in Quraish.

**Abdullah ibn abdul al-Muttalib** was part of the **Banu Makzun** clan, and his dad was called **Abdul-Muttablib**.
**Amminah bint Wahb** was part of the **Banu Zuhrah** clan, and his dad was called **Wahab**. 
After Abdullah and Aminah spent a week with each other there was a caravan season,  and Abdullah left with the caravans.
However during the journey he became sick, and stayed in **Yathrib** with his grandmother, and cousin.(Muhammad SAW had connects to Yathrib before coming there.)
Abdullah died in Yathrib without knowing Aminah was **pregnant**.

# Fostering of Mohammad ﷺ 

$\overline{\rho}$  $\sigma$ 