### Why would you be well suited to a Software Engineer role? 
Throughout my time at university,  I’ve gained a lot of experience in working on different projects, working with a team and meeting deadlines.  As a software engineer, you are constantly working and learning constantly from different people. As an intern, I had to develop solutions to optimisation problems with a team, and present them. I’m driven by self-improvement, and learning different aspects of the business, which is something I would bring to Alloyed.

For my project, I'm working with multi-agent drones and training them with reinforcement learning. My main goal is to deploy multiple drones in an unknown environment and its objective is to find a signal by working together.  At first I had not done any reinforcement learning before, so I had to learn the fundamentals and basic linguistics. The whole task is massive and complex, but I've been taking small step to learn and understand; since then I have developed the ability to break down a complex problem into achievable goals.


### What strategies or techniques would you recommend to encourage robust, extensible, and well-designed software? 

Every software has an initial design requirement, and these are the fundamental components of the software. Each one of these components is categorised into modules. The modules should have a clear responsibility. Modules can make it easier to maintain in the long run. In addition, a good choice would be to use OOP properties like an interface, and inheritance. In addition, it can make the code easier to understand by forming natural relationships within the code. Documenting all the functionality is absolutely important for maintaining the code, and it also helps keep up to date with the latest code changes. To make it as well designed, a simple way is to implement tests and ensure the functionality works as intended.
### Describe an example where you've applied these strategies/techniques. 

For my group project, we decided to make a speed running game, called Challenges of ONI; the core character was ONI, who would tease/humiliate the user based on their performance. Planning our database was a crucial part of our design. It was imperative to have easy access to certain parts of the database. The solution was to create an API that would get us information about the user's performance and other users' performance. As a result,  we can get the highest score, and the user's highest score and send an appropriate message to the user. 

We wanted to add more modularity to the code. For new releases, we wanted to add more games and make it easy to deploy. To tackle this problem, we used git and set up a folder where the program would look for all the games in a specific folder. This makes it easier to add games which is the main part which would need changing.  Therefore, planning and design enabled us to ensure the modularity of the games, and bringing ONI to life with our database.

### Why do you want to work for Alloyed? 
 Alloyed uses additive manufacturing (AM) to provide solutions to different clients. Alloyed can generate complex shapes and structures using CAD, and the products have a wide range of applications from electronics to medicine. This sector is relatively new and has grown recently due to its applications. Alloyed has taken full advantage and also has its propriety software, which is optimised to reduce build and improve the performance of components.  The ability to work in an environment where you are developing technology that is used in a wide and huge sector is exciting. In addition, the potential to learn people from a wide range of experiences is a huge opportunity, as well as solving intricate problems.


### Describe a challenge you have faced in an engineering project, and what you have learned from it. 

For one of my assignments, I had to learn a functional programming language called Haskell. Haskell was difficult to understand, and it felt like I was programming from square one - since it was a new programming paradigm that I hadn't learned before. The problem I faced was going into the problem head-on, and attempting to solve the assignments. I prematurely thought I would pick-up what I needed to learn by completing the assignment. With hindsight, I was wrong; it would have been better to try to solve smaller and simpler problems to understand patterns in solving problems with a new paradigm. It would have given me the capability to adopt a understand a new approach to solving problems. Overall, I had learnt to not depend on everything I was comfortable with doing but to be open and test things out on easier problems.


### What do you consider to be your biggest achievement, academic or otherwise, and why? 
I was really interested in Machine Learning and wanted to do some probability modules. The problem was that it wasn't a typical choice for my course. I had to learn some probability and statistical modules over the summer and submit a test showing that I was competent for second-year statistical modules. The hardest part was holding myself accountable for the choices I made. I did well in the exam, but I found 2nd year difficult compared to my peers. My sister wasn't doing too well and was hospitalised - I was behind -and felt less able than my peers. The gap in my understanding grew bigger, and I didn't do well in the mid-term test. Despite this, I was still able to get a first in that module, purely because I wanted to do well and see things through with what I had started. 