### What appeals to you about working for Northrop Grumman and a place on this graduate programme?  
Northrop Grumman is working to innovate technology to develop systems that protect people. It is riveting to think that the systems and projects that are being developed are being used to protect people. From your website, there were a plethora of different and unique projects within Northrop Grumman, especially the development of autonomous systems that can detect and prevent threats. In addition, Northrop Grumman provides capabilities to the military to safeguard itself from cyber-attacks. To accomplish this requires a wide range of specialists, investment and collectiveness to make it happen. This is the reason why I want to work for Northrop Grumman, as the opportunity to learn from different specialists and work on a multitude of different projects that can help provide solutions to demanding problems is very exciting.


### What skills, knowledge and experience will you bring to the team?  
Throughout my time at university,  I’ve gained a lot of experience in working on different projects, working with a team and meeting deadlines.  As a software engineer, you are constantly working and learning from different people. As a software intern, I had to develop solutions to optimisation problems with a team and present them. I’m driven by self-improvement, innovation and learning different aspects of the business, which is something I would bring to Northrop Grumman.

I've got a mathematical background, especially in Statistics. I've done quite a lot of work around probabilistic models,  estimating what the best model is, and completing an analysis on the model. With this, I'm currently working on drones, and training them with reinforcement learning. My main goal is to deploy multiple drones in an unknown environment and its objective is to find a signal by working together. 

In terms of programming, I'm very competent with Python and Java since I've worked with them on many projects. I've used Python for some machine learning projects/coursework, and I have used Java to make a card game. In addition, some of my university modules required the use of C/C++ which I've self-taught, but it is not as competent as my Java/Python. In addition, I've made a few web applications, so I've gained some experience in using HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP, and MySQL. I've done a group project with my friends, where we collaborated in terms of ideas, as well as shared workload to complete a task. I often thrive in collaborative situations. 

### What skills, knowledge and experience would you like us to help you develop in this Graduate programme?

I'm a novice programmer and haven't fully developed "good practices" for coding and development. Working on a wide range of projects will enable me to learn from people, and also acquire specialised knowledge corresponding to the project; it will present a unique set of problems and further develop my ability to innovate and problem-solve. Undoubtedly, you have to work with a team; I want to refine my ability to work with a fully functioning team. Since this is a company that has a tremendous investment in security, I will be able to learn the best security practices to make sure applications are well protected, as well as design the architecture in that way. Overall, it's a huge opportunity to learn about this industry that is constantly innovating. 